

Inspired by Goethe and our own desire to have a set
of tradeable commodities, we present you with Cards.

The framework is intended to be flexible enough for
a vast and uncounted variety of Cards, though only
a very few examples are provided (though enough to
make things interesting, we think).

In order to preserve their value as a trading
commodity, we did not implement any kind of periodic
reshuffling, but there is a maximum hand size (set
by budget). The quantity of some Cards available is
also set by budget, but we do not like the idea of
being able to create new Cards without a Proposal.

You may now commence nitpicking it to death. 



----------------------------------------------------------------------

Proto-Proposal Wes01 (Power=1)
Creating the Framework for Cards


Create a new Rule titled "The Deckmastor" with the
following text:

      The Deckmastor is an office which acts as the
recordkeepor for 
      Cards. The Deckmastor's Weekly Report shall
contain a record of 
      all Cards in existence and what entity possesses
each Card.

      The Deckmastor shall have a budget containing
the Maximum Hand
      Size, which is a positive integer between 3 and
10.

      The Deck is an entity capable of possessing
Cards. The 
      Deckmastor shall be the sole Executor of The
Deck, but may take
      no action on behalf of The Deck except as
explicitly permitted
      by the Rules. The Deck may not transfer Cards to
any other entity
      except as explicitly required by the Rules.

      Only the Deckmastor may create or destroy Cards,
and e may do
      so by announcement if and only if the Rules
require it. In eir
      announcement, e must indicate the Card being
created or 
      destroyed and the entity who either possesses it
now or 
      possessed it at the time of destruction as
appropriate.


Create a new Rule titled "Card Definitions" with the
following text:

      I. Possession

      Cards may be possessed by Players or any other
entity defined
      by the Rules as being able to possess Cards. If
at any time a 
      Card is not possessed by an entity, it
immediately returns to 
      the possession of The Deck.

      The entity that possesses a Card is that Card's
Holder and Holds 
      that Card. All Cards possessed by a particular
entity are 
      collectively referred to as that entity's Hand.
An entity's 
      Hand Size is the number of Cards in eir Hand. 

      II. Definitions

      The Rules may define a Class of Card by
specifying a Caption, a
      Quota, zero or more Elements, and zero or more
Exploits. All 
      Cards of the same Class shall be identical and
fungible. Each 
      individual instance of a Card shall be
considered to be a Copy 
      of that Class of Card.

      (a) The Caption shall be the name of a
particular Class of 
          Cards. No two Classes of Cards shall have
the same Caption.

      (b) The Quota shall be a non-negative integer.
If at any time 
          fewer Copies of a Class of Cards exist than
it's Quota, 
          then a Copy of that Card shall be created in
the possession 
          of The Deck. If at any time more Copies of a
Class of Cards 
          exist than it's Quota, then a Copy of that
Card in the 
          possession of The Deck shall be destroyed,
unless no such 
          Copies exist, in which case a random Copy
shall be 
          destroyed.

      (c) The Rules may define Elements for Cards.
Each Element shall 
          have a name and a description. Any Card
possessing the 
          Element of that name shall be modified
according to the 
          description associated with that Element.
Any Card 
          possessing an Element with a name not
defined in the Rules 
          is treated as if it did not possess that
Element.

      (d) An Exploit is an action that the Holder of
that Card (and 
          only the Holder of that Card) may take if
and only if e 
          meets the requirements and/or pays the costs
outlined in 
          that Exploit. Any reference to "You," "your"
or a similar 
          pronoun in the text of an Exploit refers to
the Holder of 
          that Card. Taking an action described in an
Exploit is 
          known as Playing the Card.

      III. Actions

      No action may be simultaneous with any other
action. No action 
      may be performed more than once simultaneously.
If any attempt 
      is made to perform more than one action in such
a way that the 
      order of said actions is unclear, all such
actions fail.

      (a) Unless restricted from doing so by the
rules, any entity 
          possessing a Card may transfer that Card to
any other 
          entity permitted to possess Cards by
announcing which Card 
          is to be transferred and the entity it shall
be transferred 
          to. All such transfers take place at the
time they are
          announced.

          Discarding a Card is synonymous with
transfering said Card
          to The Deck.

      (b) Drawing a Card and Drawing from The Deck are
synonymous. An
          entity may Draw a Card by announcement if
and only if 
          explicitly permitted to do so by the Rules.

          When an entity Draws a Card, the Deckmastor
shall be 
          required to randomly select one Card from
among those 
          currently in The Deck's Hand and transfer it
to that entity 
          as soon as possible. Until this transfer
takes place, that 
          entity is said to have one Pending Draw for
each such 
          transfer the Deckmastor is required to make,
but has not 
          yet made.

      (c) An entity may Draw from The Deck if and only
if e meets
          all of the following conditions:

          * The entity is permitted by the Rules to
possess Cards

          * The entity's Hand Size plus one for each
Pending Draw is
            smaller than the Maximum Hand Size.

          This action has a Fee equal to the number of
times the 
          entity has previously Drawn from The Deck
during that month.


Create a new Rule titled "Card Powerz" with the
following text:

      The following Elements for Cards are defined:

      * Budgeted: The Quota for this Card is
determined in the
        Deckmastor's Budget.

      * Handed [X], where X is a non-negative integer:
When
        calculating Hand Size, this Card counts as X
Cards.

      * Restricted [X], where X is a type of entity:
Only entities 
        classified as type X may Activate any Exploit
possessed
        by the Card.

      * Limited [X] [Y], where X is a type of entity
and Y is a 
        positive integer: For an entity other than
that type X to
        Activate any Exploit possessed by the Card
requires em to
        pay a Fee of Y.

      * Disposable: Activating any Exploit possessed
by this Card 
        causes the Card to be automatically transfered
to The Deck 
        immediately after the Exploit takes effect.

      * Bleed [X], where X is a non-negative integer:
At the beginning
        of each week, the Holder of this card loses X
Points.


----------------------------------------------------------------------

Proto-Proposal Wes02 (Power=2)
Replacing Roles with Cards

Repeal Rules 1960, 1986 and 2065.

Create a new Rule titled "Cards in Play" with the
following text:

      The following Classes of Cards are defined:

      * Caption: Distrib-u-Matic
        Elements: Disposable, Budgeted
        Exploit: Cause any one Proposal to become
Distributable.

      * Caption: Absolv-o-Matic
        Elements: Disposable, Budgeted, 
          Limited [Immaculate Players] [1]
        Exploit: Expunge one Blot from any one entity.

      * Caption: Debate-o-Matic
        Elements: Disposable, Budgeted
        Exploit: Change the Chamber of any one
non-Sane Proposal to 
          the Chamber of your choice, provided it is
legal for that 
          Proposal to be in the named Chamber.

      * Caption: Boost-o-Matic
        Elements: Disposable, BUdgeted
        Exploit: Increase any one Team's Team Points
by 5.
        Exploit: Increase any one Team's Team Points
by 10 for a Fee 
          of 1 Kudo.


----------------------------------------------------------------------

Proto-Proposal Wes03 (Power=1)
Some More Cards

Create a new Rule titled "More Cards in Play" with the
following text:

      The following Classes of Cards are defined:

      * Caption: ZOT!
        Quota: 1
        Elements: Disposable, Handed [3]
        Exploit: For a Fee of X Kudos, an entity of
your choice loses 
          (X times 10) Points. An entity may not be
reduced below
          zero Points in this way.

      * Caption: Oligarch of the Day
        Quota: 1
        Elements: Disposable, Restricted [Senators]
        Exploit: You become an Oligarch for the
remainder of the day.

      * Caption: Albatross Flies Away
        Quota: 1
        Elements: Disposable, Limited [Immaculate
Players] [3]
        Exploit: You may destroy one of your own
Albatrosses.


----------------------------------------------------------------------

Proto-Proposal Wes04 (Power=1)
Wacky Cards

      The following Classes of Cards are defined:

      * Caption: Point Mine
        Quota: 1
        Elements: None
        Exploit: So long as you have not done so
already during the 
          current week, you may gain 1 Point.

      * Caption: Dud
        Quota: 5
        Elements: Budgeted
        Exploit: You may wish in your own mind that
you had a 
          luckier Draw.

      * Caption: Dud Fusion
        Elements: Disposable, Bleed [2]
        Exploit: You may discard X Dud Cards to gain X
times 20 
          Points.

      * Caption: Player Stasis
        Quota: 1
        Elements: Disposable
        Exploit: A Player of your choice is unable to
Play a Card for
          the next 88 hours.

      * Caption: Hot Potato
        Quota: 1
        Elements: None
        Exploit: You may transfer this Card to another
entity. If that
          entity does not post to a Public Forum the
phrase "Hot 
          Potato" with 48 hours, they are guilty of
the Class 1 
          Infraction of Dropping the Potato which you
are authorized 
          to Report.


----------------------------------------------------------------------


--Wes
Who wants to be able to claim a Win by Dud Fusion...




	
		
__________________________________
Do you Yahoo!?
Yahoo! Tax Center - File online by April 15th
http://taxes.yahoo.com/filing.html

